
Main Project 

# task: create a high level architecture load balancer and instance, 
integrated with application load balancer with autoscalling and deploy amazon website, netflix


step1: Using default VPC or creating new VPC with internet gate way and public subnets and router.

step2: Launching EC2-instance and hosting amazon.com in main directory(/var/www/html/index.html) and
deploying neflix in netflix directory(/var/www/html/netflix/index.html), started the server.
(check IP successfully deployed in browser)

step3: Creating one coustom AMI with created ec2-instance and created lunch templete with coustom AMI.
(check terminating existing instance and lunch new instance with created templete and check in the browser with IP)

step4: Creating simple notfication service with email subscription.

step5: Creating security group allowing http port:80.

step6: Creating target groups for amazon(/index.html) and netfilx(health check path (/netflix/index.html)) targets.

step7: Creating Load balancer allowing http:80 and defalut target as amazon target group.
(check DNS Name in the browser the default amazon server is running).

step8: Adding one more rule for http:80 port in same load balancer with path (/netflix/), priority 1.
(check the browser DNS name with /netflix/ and verfiy netflix server running)

step9: Creating Auto scaling with my created lunch templete and my application load balancer, with creating scalin alaram with confighurations 
(my cpu utlization thershold value comedown into 15% removing instance) and scal-out alaram for it crosses 30% adding instance, and atteching them.

ste10: Test by incresing cpu utilization incressing above 30% and verify in the browser up and running.


My doubts:-

1. sir here I am creating and deploying amazon and netflix both on same insatce here what is the purpose of using ALB.

2. In Auto scalling i am creating alarams for scall-in and scall-out and adding theshold value, when ever cpu utilization reaches my instances adding removing operation will happen,
while creating target groups i used to create first instance and added in application load balancer, here scall-in or scall-out alarams my instance remove and add, how ALB dynomicall
asigned with newly automatically created instances.  